 How's it going guys welcome back to Craft of Cars happy Tuesday and today's video we're gonna be finally fixing the exhaust leak on my Dodge Stealth I've had this little issue for a while but it's been kind of pushed after the side because I got like three other big projects going on right now But the leak is getting so annoying I got to get fixed so it's just a small leak right now between two exhaust flanges I just like a little two-bolt two-inch exhaust flange and today we're gonna fix it with Remflex exhaust gaskets now what makes these special and hopefully why this is gonna fix our leak today is because these are thicker gaskets that apparently crush up to 50% so their specialty is warp-impeded flanges that's what I got so see what it does So I got my back wheel blocked up got this car up on jack stands let's get underneath it and check it out So there's a leaky flange right there. I'm in the car right now. Let me start it up for you So a lot of exhaust leaks you could spray on the selfie water to find them You can see it's spin We need some WD-40 penetrant oil on it already used a little bit earlier But it never hurts let's see what this does There you go Shouldn't be using an adjustable wrench to hold the nut in place, but like I said I got three other products going on right now So all my open-ended wrenches are at a different shop right now Nice No But one of these bolts is kind of bigger head than the other one I'm not the first one here Let's try the 14 here we go I Tell you what I've been working on cars for like a decade now and I still get my rights and laughs mixed up when I'm underneath the car There's the old gasket look at this thing. Oh burnt up Boom All right, well, I got my new Rumpflex gasket here. I got the two-inch one I knew which one to get because I measured my exhaust pipe here and it was two inches thick and the flange bolts the holes at least were 3.75 inches thick So this one's gonna work out just fine for us Why I'm undergar I realize this is not the factory front pipe. So One of these days I am gonna swap this thing out. I don't have the money for that right now. So it will have to wait It's like the pipes want to separate So I got to hold them together, but at the same time I got a fish of bolt through and put the nut on So it's like I can't do through things at once here And I can't find my vice grip. So we're gonna try to use a zip tie here Sweet And I'm just going back and forth on these they say only 20 foot pounds. So I'm not gonna go too crazy Probably good Let's clean up this mess and test it out I Oh Still here in exhaust leaks I got under the car and I'm having my girlfriend rev it up a little bit Right here So I've been driving around the stealth for about a week and the sound inside the cabin is so much better That tiny little exhaust leak on the flex section I'm not gonna worry about that especially since in the future. I want to replace that front pipe with a better design In comparison to that flange leak. It's nothing that leaky exhaust flange was super annoying It was such a loud hissing noise especially when you got on the gas so I'm glad we got that taken care of and shorter video today Because it is a really quick fix. I'm not sponsored by rum flex or anything like that But I do recommend that gasket for sure Hopefully you can help you out if you're in a similar situation And yeah, I think that's gonna be it for today's video Tune in next Tuesday for a podcast episode. I got some really exciting news to share with you guys and that's all I got So see you next Tuesday. Bye